a worker gingerly explores the gaping
hole and a scouting party lays a scent
trail for others to follow
activity increases an assault is on
other ants have found the termites
foraging tunnels and scramble inside the
tunnels are narrow and not at all like
the open spaces driver ants prefer
termite soldiers with enormous jaws and
heads prepare to check the incursion
a soldier termite confronts the invaders
with a threat display but it's not going
to impress a driver hat
the ants penetrate deep into the nest
and the residents intensify the warning
first blood is to the termites the
tunnel guards are in danger of being
overrun
deep in the bowels of the nest lives the
termite Queen if she is killed the
entire colony will die out she must be
protected so termites start to isolate
her from the fighting by building a wall
of mud mixed with saliva that will
harden like concrete
there's not much time
the ants break through the first line of
defense
the queen termite security wall is
almost complete
she and the royal court are incarcerated
but safe another wave of ants advances
unchallenged but the attack is not going
to plan
in the tunnels the ants become embroiled
in one-to-one duels
the jaw to jaw combat is at stalemate
ants a termite seemed locked in a lethal
embrace
the adversaries are well-matched
the answer pulling out